docs: AsciiDoc docs for publishing (#44)
elastic/ecs-logging-nodejs: docs/intro.asciidoc

[[intro]]
== Introduction

beta::[]

Node.js ECS loggers are formatter plugins for your favorite logging libraries.
They make it easy to format your logs into ECS-compatible JSON. In combination
with https://www.elastic.co/products/beats/filebeat[filebeat] you can send your

> logs directly to Elasticsearch and leverage https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/infrastructure/guide/current/logs-ui-overview.html[Kibana's Logs UI]

Reviewer: These docs were deprecated in 7.4. Here's the updated link:
```suggestion
logs directly to Elasticsearch and leverage {observability-guide}/monitor-logs.html[Kibana's Logs app]
```

to inspect all logs in one single place.

The Node.js ECS logging formatters log structured JSON and support serialization

> of Error objects, and HTTP Request and Response objects from Node.js core and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
of Error objects and HTTP Request and Response objects from Node.js core and
```
